AAP-4359 Maintain Hub API during AAP upgrade + basic upgrade section (#415)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/assemblies/platform/assembly-aap-upgrading-platform.adoc

ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]

[id="aap-upgrading-platform"]
= Upgrading to {PlatformName} {PlatformVers}

:context: aap-upgrading-platform

[role="_abstract"]

To perform an upgrade of your {PlatformName} to a later version, download the desired version of the {PlatformNameShort} installer. Configure the `inventory` file with the same parameters you have used in previous installations and add new parameters to enable any new features, then run the installer.

include::platform/con-aap-upgrade-planning.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> After you have completed the necessary upgrade planning, download the desired version of the {PlatformNameShort} installer.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about putting sentences between include directives in an assembly like this. Perhaps you could combine this with the first sentence of the abstract.

To upgrade your {PlatformName}, start by reviewing planning information to ensure a successful upgrade.
You can then download the desired version of the {PlatformNameShort} installer, configure the `inventory` file in the installation bundle to reflect your environment, and then run the installer.

> Once you have completed the necessary upgrade planning, proceed by downloading the desired version of the {PlatformNameShort} installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have completed the necessary upgrade planning, proceed by downloading the desired version of the {PlatformNameShort} installer.
```

> After you have completed the necessary upgrade planning, proceed by downloading the desired version of the {PlatformNameShort} installer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you have completed the necessary upgrade planning, download the desired version of the {PlatformNameShort} installer.
```
